HTTP and RestEasy-related content review (#36661)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/resteasy.adoc

allows restricted resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside the domain from which the first resource
was served.

> Quarkus comes with a CORS filter. Read the xref:security-cors.adoc#cors-filter[CORS filter] section of the "Cross-origin resource sharing" guide to learn how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus includes a CORS filter. Read the xref:security-cors.adoc#cors-filter[CORS filter] section of the "Cross-origin resource sharing" guide to learn how to use it.
```

This is what Lint suggests below
